[Music]
happy birthday mr. adult man haha gross
what was dad like as beardless Scratchy
he had a goofy laugh I wish I'd bet him
I have something for you from your dad
it's a wizard staff I wrote this spell
so I can see for myself who my boys grew
up to be
this spell brings him back back away
back to life he wanted to beat you more
than anything
bully to to say doc how did you I don't
know what you started
dad first apart dad you are in your
house we've only got 24 hours to bring
back the rest of dad we're going on a
quest
all quests start with the manticore the
fearless adventurer you mean
Cori she's over there somebody help me
these nuggets were supposed to go out
minutes ago that's the manticore get in
the vehicle an escort yo I'm giving you
to the count of three okay wait what are
you doing I don't know I'm looking for
my sons
oh they went on a quest but don't worry
I told him about the map I told them
about the gym I told them about the
curse your boys are in great danger
folder
[Applause]
howdy your boys doing a crisis Oh No
dead dead project not great
I can't do it we're not gonna see you
dad you can do this I clean him you
my gut knows where to go don't you boy
yes your group on my way boys just
[Music]
you